v1.3.0
1.OTA wireless upgrade
2. TLS Certificate Writing Function
3. GETLOG serial port log upload to platform function, command to send: 0xF8 01 or AT+GETLOG=1
4.The default QOS level of MQTT is set to 0
5. Optimize DNS domain name resolution to prevent errors

v1.2.1
1.Modify the logic for collecting temperature and humidity data


v1.2.0
1. Add NTP function
2. Add COPS function, which automatically sets the operator for each packet to prevent loss of operator code and signal loss
3. Expand the stack size to prevent stack overflow
4. Modify bugs where the signal exceeds the range
5. Firmware upgrades will retain configurations with the same product ID, while configurations with different product IDs will be cleared
6. Add automatic reset function for long-term undetected signals
7. Unified JSON format downlink function
8. Add a JSON format downlink command "Event: Status", which will send a device version data packet
9. Add ACK sending function "Confirm=200" for UDP protocol, only for UDP
10. Add AT+READPT command for the Datalog function of MQTT, TCP, UDP protocols to determine whether there is a signal or receive ACK retransmission
11. Modify the storage method for the number of GETLOG groups
12. When receiving a downlink in JSON format, a successful uplink packet will be returned
13.Fix the issue of network disconnection caused by certain operators activating PDP in Europe
14.Add SNI server name indication function
15.Due to the COAP protocol client's inability to use excessively long path URI, the function of deleting 3 URI entries is necessary to save flash space


v1.1.2
1. Fix mode 8, the issue of packet sending failure interrupted by pb15 and pa4

v1.1.1
1. The use of AT+FDR1 command will not erase DEUI
2. Add AT+BKDNS command

v1.1
1. Network Information is displayed when accessing the network
2. Fix bugs where commands such as AT+UNAME display errors
3. The software automatically removes spaces to prevent customers from filling in the wrong address
4. Support TE UDP issuance, add command AT+DOWNTE.
5. Added a function to prevent devices from crashing during sleep, accidentally resetting, or being unable to enter sleep mode due to power failure
6. The AT+SERVADDR command adds formatting restrictions to prevent customers from filling in errors.
7. The AT+DNSCFG command has been increased from 19 characters to 40 characters, removing formatting restrictions.
8. Remove GE and 1D versions from the device name and unify them into one version, for example, S31-CB-GE becomes S31-CB
9. Add IMSI number in payload format
10. Change the GPS positioning search time from the default 30 seconds to 60 seconds
11. GPS debugging optimization, adding GPS on/off, fix timeouts, location information and other functions
12. Change the interrupt delivery logic of CB products
13. Increase the TDC interval for subsequent reconnection after network access failure